the president and his team weren't able
to celebrate their one-year anniversary
on Saturday because of the shutdown and
now that the shutdown is over the party
is on and I am told it is lit in
Washington DC tonight let's go to Kelly
on Conway right now who is live on the
scene we can't hear you it's Jimmy
Kimmel oh hi Jimmy Kimmel happy Trump a
bursary oh happy yes happy Anniversary
to you too remember this
how could anyone forget that outfit it
was incredible I wore to the
inauguration yes I remember that very
very well the biggest crowd in history
got to see me rocking Gucci in the red
white and blue G where's the vodka it's
in your hand Kellyanne why what tell us
what's going on at the party you're
looking at Jimmy we're drinking
delicious truck vodka and getting Donald
Trump cell vodka if he doesn't even
drink I don't know why do you tell jokes
and you're not even funny
oh that's a very good
yeah Oh what is Joe Camel doing there
he's a lobbyist Jimmy he's an important
lobbyist Joe give me a smoke you hairy
we are so excited to be
celebrating everything we've achieved
this past year go ahead that's a great
what have you achieved this past year
hey never heard of Isis yes of course
thanks to President Trump we don't have
to pay for Isis's health insurance
anymore
we never did pay for Isis's helping here
welcome all right
did I mention this up it's Gucci yes you
did mention it's Gucci yes mean America
no I don't think Gucci has made it I
think it's fine Kellyanne it's alright
it's our anniversary so suck it you
snowflake okay Mindy Weiner
whoo I'd love to Oh Kelly it oh my
goodness all right well I don't know
what's going on in there Kelly Anne
Conway everybody's gonna
a secular hope you called believer
thanks for watching and remember every
time you click the subscribe button one
of your enemies gets destroyed